layout: post
title:  "About page for coffee blog"
---

Hey mate,

I'm __Alex,__ the creator of this coffee guide you have landed in. Do you enjoy the taste of coffee? The real one, I mean. If so, you're in the right place.

<!--more-->

I work as an IT engineer, and coffee is my passion. For the past six years, I've been diving deep into the world of coffee, experimenting with different brewing methods, and documenting my findings. Drinking a cup of coffee for me is not just about getting a caffeine boost, __it's a ritual of pleasure.__

When your brain is boiling, trying to solve an important task, sometimes the best thing to do is to take a break and have a cup of aromatic coffee. Experience the various flavors and aromas that this heavenly drink offers.

__And what a disappointment it is if the coffee turns out average or, worse, disgusting.__

Instead of taking a break from work and setting a positive mood, you end up disappointed. You've wasted your time and didn't get any pleasure. Another brand of coffee is rejected, and a feeling of wasting money in vain. I've been there, listening to all the hype about a coffee, buying it, brewing it, and feeling let down. I didn't understand what coffee to buy; it started to seem to me that they are all the same. Equally expensive and tasteless. Sometimes, I wanted to settle for the simplest and cheapest coffee just to avoid wasting money.

However, rare moments of success, when coffee gave me a variety of taste nuances and left a pleasant aftertaste, made me realize that I was missing something. This pushed me to further experiments.
At some point, I realized that it's not only about coffee. An average bean can reveal a rich taste, while specialty coffee can be ruined by an unsuitable preparation. So, I dug deeper, paying attention to how different coffees react to various brewing methods, and jotting down my findings. At some point, delicious and richly nuanced coffee stopped being luck. I found something that forever changed my coffee experience.

Even the slightest change in the brewing process can completely transform the taste of your coffee. Pouring water a little longer can turn a light nutty flavor and hints of tobacco into a nasty bitterness. But it's not just about the recipe; sometimes your coffee simply doesn't match the brewing method you chose. __The key is finding the right combination of recipe and coffee.__

And here's another problem: around you, there are millions of coffee varieties and an equal number of different brewing recipes. Amidst all this diversity, how do you find the right combinations?
Don't worry, I've done it for you. Here, you'll find not only recipes but also recommendations on which coffee will best suites with each recipe.

__Anyone can brew a tasty coffee;__ you just need to know a few key tips and tricks, which I'm here to share. Why you should drink mess when you can enjoy an amazing beverage? From the first recipe, you'll see what I'm talking about. You'll know what coffee to buy and how to handle it. Say goodbye to doubts and disappointments; now you'll have confidence in your choices and feel satisfied at the end of your break.

But it's not just about the drink itself. You'll reduce stress (which we already have too much of in our world) and stop wasting money. Your brain needs a break during the workday that brings not disappointment but pleasure. Thanks to consistently delicious coffee, you'll be able to relax better and be more productive when you get back to work.

Research shows that during a break, the brain continues to work in the background, which can lead to new ideas, insights, and creative solutions. Rest and relaxation help untangle complex problems or find unconventional approaches to solving difficult tasks.

### So, what should you do?

Choose "Recipes" from the menu and head to the recipe page. You can pick one of the beginner-friendly recipes I recommend or find a brewing method that suits the coffee you already have at home. The filters will help you navigate the page and not get overwhelmed by the endless options.
Go ahead, you can do it!
And if something goes wrong, you can always write to me; I'll do my best to assist you. You'll find the contact email below.

Sincerely,
Aleksandr 
Your coffee guide
emailwork@coffeetaste.com

