---
layout: post
title:  "Three things you should know before a flight with a baby"
---

You may be anxious before your first flight with a little child, or if you have a terrible experience with it. I’m here to give you the key to a safe and nice trip. You must know the information below, so you can help yourself and your kid. 
Any trip starts from a road, so let’s make it pleasant.

<!--more-->

Nevertheless, we all are different, and I can’t guarantee a tearless flight to you. You’ll find the reason below.


### Too much everything
All these lights, sounds, and people on a plane can be too much for the little one. It may bother or even scare your child. Take a light cover to the aircraft. Something like a stole or wide scarf, so you can cover your baby and hide it from the environment. It should be very light for the comfort of your child.


### They can cry because of the earache
Children's ears may get blocked during takeoff and landing. Swallowing can help, so feed the baby during these times. It can be breastfeeding, bottle-feeding with milk, juice, water, puree, cookies, or even candy for older children. A cover from the previous point can assist in feeding infants. It will conceal distracting factors and allow them to focus on eating. 
Special airplane earplugs are the best solution for children over one year old. They reduce noise and regulate ear pressure. Choose earplugs carefully, ensuring they are soft and suitable for the child's age. Read the instructions and handle little ears with care. Regular earplugs won't help. 
Nasal drops for babies can also help reduce the likelihood of ear pain. Get it in the little nose before takeoff and landing. Use drops every 1-2 hours during the flight. 


### Sh*t happens
Accidents happen, or they might spill something on themselves, so bring diapers and/or spare clothes. Also, wet wipes and small bags to save passengers and yourselves from the smell. Biodegradable dog waste bags are very convenient. Don't change the baby on the food tray (after all, people eat there). The airplane restroom has a changing table. Dress the child in a fresh diaper right before landing to ensure maximum comfort during takeoff. As a precaution, I always changed the diaper before landing too.


### Last but the not least extra point
A mom's (or another significant adult in her absence) mood is transmitted to the child. If you're stressed, the kiddo will cry too. So, take control of yourself, take a deep breath, and relax. A happy mama means a happy little one.

So, as you can see, it’s not so scary. 
Of course, these tips don't always guarantee tear-free journeys. If you couldn't get earplugs or your baby is too young for them, the ears might still get blocked despite feeding. They may not feel like eating at all. And sometimes, you might need to change the diaper before the flight takes off or landing. But understanding the reason behind the crying will make it easier for you to stay calm. After all, the flight won't last forever, and once takeoff or landing is over, you can get up and help your kiddy.

Thanks for reading!
This isn't all the useful information about flying with kids I have. I'll continue sharing with you.

